Okay, so let's get this styling here.
I'm gonna set this up just after
section UL here around line 52,
let's go ahead and put on our header and
nav styles here, header and navs styles.
Okay,and we'll give ourselves
a little bit more room.
There we go.
Okay, so, we'll start with that header.
The title class, and
let's assign its background- color,
that's gonna be var colored number five,
the light yellow.
So, that'll give us a nice light yellow
bar across, outside of the web page.
And if we refresh, you should
now see yellow there at the top.
You'll also see a little bit of green
above that and some other things,
one step at a time.
That strip of green on the top
is coming from the URL,
which has a bit of margin associated with
it, at least on my Firefox browser here,
is sometimes it's got padding
associated with it instead.
So, we'll turn that off
here in just a moment.
So, we'll start here
with the header itself.
And inside of the header HTML element,
then we can set up some padding like one
rem just so we don't run into the edges
of our web page, we can set our max width
of 1200 pixels, which we've been doing
with all of the sections to this point.
Now we're doing it with the header as
well, we also did it with the footer.
And then we can center this with margin,
0 auto.
So, that'll push this to
the center of the page and
it will line up with all of our other
sections in the footer, very, very nicely.
So, to show you that that's true, I don't
think we're gonna see a huge change here.
So, things sort of push over a little bit,
so, that's how it looks now.
All right, then we're on our
way to our navigation And
we're gonna do the universal
stuff Across the breakpoints.
And so,
here we're going to do is a nav URL,
turn off the bullets list style.
Type.
Non-margin 0 padding 0.
They really ought to just
make a single property for
all of this cuz you do this all the time.
Anytime you're working with a list that
you don't wanna look like a bulleted list,
these are the three things you gotta do.
Then, let's continue on here.
nav, url, dsplay,
flex, flex flow,
row wrap, justify
content, space around
Space around, there we go.
All right, lets check in and
see how that's going so far.
So, if we just refresh this,
immediately what you'll have is you'll
have this, start over navigation bar.
Just by putting in that tiny little bit
of flexbox, we removed the bullets so
those are gone by putting
in a little bit of flexbox.
We made the navbar go
horizontal across the page.
And by using the space around, or
we could have used space between,
that pushes everything,
all these navigation items.
And remember the logo was the navigation
item pushes these all out
evenly here on the page.
So, not bad so far.
If you wanted at this point in time,
you could do things like the following.
So, we could say something
like nav ul first child.
Remember that logo is the first
child there in the navigation.
We could say margin, right, auto.
So, put the free space
over there on that side.
And if we changed our
justify content to something,
I don't know flex end, okay?
What do you think that will do?
If you have your logo the first child, and
we have a margin on the right of auto,
and we're going to justify
our content to the flex end.
That should put the logo on the left and
the navigation on the right, correct?
So, let's take a look at that.
Little bit of work to do on those
navigation items, but the shape is there,
right, we have the logo on the left,
we have the navigation on the right.
So, it's one of the cool things
that we can do with Flexbox.
If that is something you were looking to,
that would be very easy to do that way.
Okay, but
that's not what we're doing here.
Okay, let me just write a couple more
styles here for some generic styling for
these links.
And then I'm gonna go to the desktop and
we'll continue on with
the desktop particular layout.
So, but we have to style up our links
first here outside of the media queries.
So, for the links themselves,
text decoration,
text decoration of none, always turn
off your underlines and the navigation.
Font size 1.2rem, it looks a little small,
make it a little bigger, color of.
Bar.
Let's do color 1, so,
we'll make them black by default.
And then display block,
always display your links as block when
you were inside of a navigation bar.
And again,
this has to do with taking your link and
pushing its edges all the way out to
whatever clickable area you're going to
wind up having inside
of your navigation bar.
This will help with
again fingers on mobile,
it will help people with issues and
disabilities surrounding their mouse being
able to get to those particular items.
There's no downside to this.
So, set your navigation to display
block there for the links.
We'll give it some padding.
So, now I'm gonna go
all the way down here.
Actually, first, let me save this and
show you what it looks like so far.
Okay, so
this is what it looks like so far.
We've kinda got it in the center
of the page is a little bit weird.
There's some issues and things going on,
we'll address all of
that here just a moment.
Down here at the bottom, at the desktop
media query, so 800 pixels and higher.
Let's add some more stuff here.
So, we wanna put the logo in the center,
navigation logo in the center.
So to do that, we're gonna say our nav ul,
I'm gonna say this again,
justify, content, flex and I think I
just set it up on the mobile side of it,
but we'll eventually
change that on the mobile.
So, I'm gonna restate it
down here on the desktop.
Then I'm gonna say nav li, first child.
Yes, you could do this
with a class instead, but
this is a very efficient selector.
We don't have to make any classes,
it's the first child is the logo, so
we're fine.
We're gonna say our flexbasis is auto
we will wind up setting the flex
basis later on when we're at the tablet or
the mobile dimensions.
So, we wanna turn off that flex basis for
just the logo.
And we'll set our margin to 0 auto.
So, that'll center it, and
then we'll set our order to 2,
so then we have our nav, Li:nth-child,
2 And
our nav li nth child 3.
These two elements, which again you can
do this with a class if you'd like.
We're gonna say their order, is 1,
then nav, we're just gonna
copy that whole style again.
So, this will be number four and
number five,
we'll set the order to be three.
So by doing this, we've called out
our first two text navigation items,
we've said that they're
gonna be order one.
We've called out our last
two navigation items and
said they're gonna be order three.
And we set everything to do flex end,
but yet
we told the logo we wanted in the middle,
and we set our margin to auto.
So, what will wind up happening is that
our navigation will get pushed all
the way out to the very edges
of the navigation bar, and
the logo will show up there
very nicely in the middle.
So, let's see what that looks like.
Just like that.
All right, so there's collections and
about then we have our world of wonder and
then we have contact and donations.